{\rtf1\ansi\deff0\adeflang1025
{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f1\froman\fprq2\fcharset2 Symbol;}{\f2\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f3\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 Microsoft YaHei;}{\f4\fnil\fprq2\fcharset0 SimSun;}{\f5\fswiss\fprq0\fcharset128 Lucida Sans;}{\f6\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Lucida Sans;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;}
{\stylesheet{\s0\snext0\ql\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\ltrpar\cf0\kerning1\hich\af4\langfe2052\dbch\af6\afs24\lang1081\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033 Default;}
{\s15\sbasedon0\snext16\ql\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sb240\sa120\keepn\ltrpar\cf0\kerning1\hich\af3\langfe2052\dbch\af6\afs28\lang1081\loch\f2\fs28\lang1033 Heading;}
{\s16\sbasedon0\snext16\ql\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sb0\sa120\ltrpar\cf0\kerning1\hich\af4\langfe2052\dbch\af6\afs24\lang1081\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033 Text body;}
{\s17\sbasedon16\snext17\ql\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sb0\sa120\ltrpar\cf0\kerning1\hich\af4\langfe2052\dbch\af5\afs24\lang1081\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033 List;}
{\s18\sbasedon0\snext18\ql\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\sb120\sa120\noline\ltrpar\cf0\i\kerning1\hich\af4\langfe2052\dbch\af5\afs24\lang1081\ai\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033 Caption;}
{\s19\sbasedon0\snext19\ql\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\noline\ltrpar\cf0\kerning1\hich\af4\langfe2052\dbch\af5\afs24\lang1081\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033 Index;}
}{\info{\creatim\yr2016\mo6\dy8\hr21\min44}{\revtim\yr0\mo0\dy0\hr0\min0}{\printim\yr0\mo0\dy0\hr0\min0}{\comment OpenOffice}{\vern4120}}\deftab709

{\*\pgdsctbl
{\pgdsc0\pgdscuse195\pgwsxn12240\pghsxn15840\marglsxn1134\margrsxn1134\margtsxn1134\margbsxn1134\pgdscnxt0 Default;}
{\pgdsc1\pgdscuse195\pgndec\pgwsxn12240\pghsxn15840\marglsxn1134\margrsxn1134\margtsxn1134\margbsxn1134\pgdscnxt0 First Page;}}
\formshade{\*\pgdscno0}\paperh15840\paperw12240\margl1134\margr1134\margt1134\margb1134\sectd\sbknone\sectunlocked1\pgndec\pgwsxn12240\pghsxn15840\marglsxn1134\margrsxn1134\margtsxn1134\margbsxn1134\ftnbj\ftnstart1\ftnrstcont\ftnnar\aenddoc\aftnrstcont\aftnstart1\aftnnrlc
\pgndec\pard\plain \s0\ql\nowidctlpar{\*\hyphen2\hyphlead2\hyphtrail2\hyphmax0}\ltrpar\cf0\kerning1\hich\af4\langfe2052\dbch\af6\afs24\lang1081\loch\f0\fs24\lang1033{\rtlch \ltrch\loch
Richard Oh \line Personal Bio \line 6/9/16 \tab \line \line \tab My path to learning web development has not been a gradual, direct route but rather an unexpected yet decisive decision to step beyond my boundaries of the familiar and comfortable. I come from a background steeped in the liberal arts. I studied English in college and attended seminary for graduate school where I attained my degree in Divinity. The path to me seemed obvious: I would be dedicated to a life-time in the ministry as a pastor. For the 10 years I would work in the ministry I acquired valuable lessons in leadership through founding a congregation consisting of primarily students and graduates of Rutgers University. Perhaps some would think this sort of leadership consisted of many motivational talks, proposing big visions for our organization, and being a man of the limelight. While this may have been true to a certain extent, the reality was that leading as a pastor dealt much more with personal service. From many long hours laboring in the kitchen preparing meals for both my congregants and for under-privileged children of East Harlem, to shuttling students to and from Rutgers campus in a rickety church van, to the laborious grocery aisle decisions of what beverages and desserts to purchase for that week\'92s prayer cafe, to long hours listening to congregants share their life struggles and anxieties as well as arbitrating disputes and disagreements between them, I learned that leadership is not about being a big shot out to promote himself but a servant out to promote the interest of others. \line \line \tab So, one may wonder, how did this experience lead me to embark on the path of web development? I have always been a person who thrived upon abstract ideas and truths. Concepts such as love, identity, purpose, theodicy, and transcendent truth were attractive to me since I was a child. On the other hand, I have always found concrete, technical knowledge less accessible which is why I gravitated to the humanities. It was both natural and comfortable for my personality and tendencies. Yet, after a decade of ministerial work, I found that I needed to take extended time away. In our productivity-centric culture, maybe this would be labeled as career burn-out. I don\'92t like to think of it that way because it seems to invalidate the human need for rest and recovery. With this deepening need for recuperation, I decided to step away from the familiar and into the unknown. How often in life are we handed a blank slate as far as the future is concerned? Usually, necessity constrains our decisions for the future and many times practically makes the decisions for us. Thankfully, my circumstances permitted me to take my time with deciding on what would come next. Reinvigorated by several restful months, I decided to take a risk and further my education in a field that could be considered as pragmatic and technical as it gets: the world of web development. I enrolled into Rutgers Coding Bootcamp with the understanding that I would be dedicating the next six months of my life learning what comes neither naturally nor comfortably for me. Indeed, I have since learned just how beyond my comfort zone coding actually is. It is not an exaggeration to state that web development has thus far been the most difficult subject for me to learn in my life. Any illusion of achievement based on a flare of dazzling intelligence and talent has dissolved amid the reality of long, nerve-rattling classes wherein I am often astonished not only by the complexity of information being communicated but also the swiftness with which my fellow classmates process and implement that information. I am barely able to keep up with the pace of the course through long hours of study and homework. Yet, on the way home from many classes I have wondered if even this is true. \line \line  \tab So, where does this leave me? Thankfully, in not so bad a position. Much earnest reflection has left me with this conclusion: more than landing that lucrative career in web development, more than the exhilaration of being a top-performer, and more than considering coding bootcamp as a launching pad for material advancement, is the need for personal character development. Learning inward endurance in the face of hardship, learning to understand the source of one\'92s own anxieties and fears and how through managing and coping with such feelings, one may come along-side others and bring consolation and hope for their anxieties and fears, and most of all, learning to develop a self-image that is resilient against the ebb and flow of circumstances and achievements, are the most valuable lessons of all. I came to coding bootcamp as an alternative to my pastoral background of service and consolation. I found at coding bootcamp a major source for its inspiration instead. As a result, I am grateful for the opportunity to be a student developer and what it has thus far taught me about myself and others over and beyond what it has taught me about coding.                        }
\par }